Later I met the eldest son, Beizhi,
It's best to come and eat, please invite Mr. Shuzi.
The general here in Juli is a trustworthy son,
It's a pity that the eldest prince didn't believe it.
She's not some assassin
She is my iron body disease
She has something to stab at
How many of you
our joke
This woman can't die now
I really understand her secrets
You guys take her money back and forth
My house needs to be adjusted by myself.
Just walk generously on the EMU
If my subordinates send you back, you will die.
she is not hers
Before the third brother killed and beat up the house
You are by her side
It's impossible to come out
I'm taking care of myself here
Why is the word "take care, take care, take care" a good word?
It’s better to go back and Bingbao come out first.